

DONE: 
Auto regression on currency strength differences & use to predict next currency strengths (almost done! - need to add the ranking) 
Auto regression on currency strengths (edit the diff one)  --parameterisation needed - done
Finish TradeSchedule class to be able to test stuff easier - done
Add pessimistic spread times (5pm and 10pm) on get_y_values.sql - done
Test new currency strengths with RNN - done - still gets top and bottom but strength doesnt win
Currency strength with RSI - done
Currency strength with SO - done
ARIMA on individual flows - predict price changes and add to RNN? - done (didnt work well!)
Pull extra historic data from previous years from HistData? - done
Create full sql query for getting all information ready for RNN (get_x_value.sql) - done (called candles_and_indicators.sql)
correlation matrix for determining which pairs go together - done. k means can be used :)
Currency Strength - Better RNN using all RSI values and previous currency strengths to predict next currency strength - important!
		- without this the filter model won't work as well as it has done in testing
MACD filter! - stop trades that have recently had a conflicting buy/sell signal from macd
Boilinger Bands filter 
Lag correlation matrix - find correlations between 4h candles over a period (like an advanced ARIMA model!) 
Currency Strength apply new RNN in PRD to create trading filters 

RSS Reader - create filter based on recent news feeds about any pairs or currencies. This incorps fundamentals to decisions 

Added offset value to database queries for 4h and for intra-hour trades if we ever want to run the algorithm at any time 

loading and saving articles to the database with md5 and compression using zlib

Purchasing Power Pairty index - get a pair (eg, EUR/USD) and then add the other pairs together 
to see if the exchange rate is the same (for common exchanges)
 - the discrepancy can  be used as an indicator of the pairs "real worth".
 --Deemed not significant enough - the discrepancy rarely reaches above 0.1% and when it does, the market doesnt really move much. 
 --this sort of feature would probably suit very low timeframes like 1s

Extend trades to be able to have entry, stop loss and take profit price values - refactored trade_schedule.py to work with and 
have a TradeSignal class which is much nicer! 


refactor chart_pattern to use a XtremeWindowBundle that is passed to chart_perform 
	- remove cache hell by also having a _bundle_perform function that takes an XtremeWindowBundle and returns same as _perform

match pattern - create a "needle" from current chart and then search all 
charts for same shape (normalise and use mse) to get what other charts did. then compile
results into a nice snapshot to seee many lines from that point 

ForexLive needs to have a scraper - it turns out the rss feed does have full articles

pluralize windows in match_pattern and use cKDtree whatever that is for faster search
 - kdtree is good for cached searches but we get the data right away so no point I don't think?

feed collector - finish the collection of results stage

indicators in python using numpy for speed

vectorize candlestick patterns

fundamental - get fxstreet archive and dailyfx archives 

pivot points? - use as a support/resistance & TP SL targets   - part of pluralization re-write - goes in ChartPattern.py 

extend test_trades.sql or use another sql to test full tradesignal types
	- select all candles for the trade
 	- perfrom analysis to see if/when the candle gets high enough/low enough 
	- report win/lose/finish percentage 
	- return profit paths? -1 = stoploss 1 = takeprofit report path between 

improve backtester - add expiry and cutoff prices
- refactor setups to take an object of candlesticks (separate data from function)
	-use signalling data as a class for taking in info & building signals

pluralise fundamental.py to work with historic news articles and recent news articles so it can be used in backtesting 

t212 handler - functions "query trades", "place trade", "get trade", "clear charts", "pull the plug" etc. keep journal of trades?
	-still need to handle pending orders (placing and querying) then thsi is done

organise indicators.py to be a few files - trend followers, reversals, oscillators, moving aves 

split all AI training into DataProvider, Trainer/Tester?, Composer? 
	DataProvider - produces X and Y values. Allows for caching for faster experiments. Uses generators!
	AIComposer - Takes a data provider, a model and calls model.fit with some parameter settings?
		 Also creates production-ready models and saves into /models  (tflite?)

setup object using bbs, keltner channels and RSI to test the backtester  --do this sooner!

economic calendar using https://tradingeconomics.com/calendar#

refactor queries to use functions - eg f : candles -> indicators or similar. The better organisation might really help later on! -nearly done just test
	- aliaes to next branch temp table broken 

https://www.dukascopy.com/swiss/english/marketwatch/historical/   -historic client sentiment information 
	- use selenium to get latest data for use with volume indicators & client sentiment information :D 
	- add dukascopy to config.ini

sql functions for correlations (cross & auto) - still todo correlation function (for reporting)  

perhaps refactor newsindicator - don't use an indicator with numpy, it is a filter thing

pip to price conversion tool 




BUGS:
(FIXED)
Currency strength from sentiment indicator! see:
https://www.dukascopy.com/swiss/english/marketwatch/sentiment/ - blocked using <noscript> and <iframe>

(FIXED) can't read numbers from forexcleintsentiment.com 

(FIXED) Possible RSI calculation bug - using SMA in the place of SMMA (Smoothed modified moving average) 
An EMA might be better in its place but it will be very bad for early trades without significant data
EMA is faster though - so RSI will be improved if this is fixed. 

(FIXED) candle dates have no index on them which would help solving the above bug  

rsi values seem to be lagged by 1 step- could be due to not knowing the next candle - need to understand more! 

(FIXED) currency_strength_rsi is way off - should be value between -7 and 7 surely? Yet it gets -18 to 24 so there are repeat rows somewhere
		--fixed for rsi, usual currency_strength and for stochastic. 

(FXIED) Bug with stochastic - not in range [0,1]

(FIXED) test candlestick patterns more! --lots are not working

(FIXED) MorningEveningStars, SoldiersAndCrows show no results

(FIXED)WedgeBreakout trendlines have points on wrong side of them (also breaks ApproximateChannelBreakout and ParallelChannelBreakout)

(FIXED)
some sources are not working quite so well - eg forexcrunch 
need to test for fulltexts in the sentiment analyser. Keep running it and figure out how to improve the scrapers

(FIXED) realdictcursor should not be used as it adds overhead. unpack sql row instead 

(FIXED)
sentiment scores - when a positive sell order is given (Eg from fxstreet etc) it shows as a positive sentiment 
 - need to check article first and see if it is a buy/sell order and not a general news story about a pair/currency
 - if it is a buy/sell order then perhaps it should be added to a separate indicator. Some kind of status is needed 
	per article to achieve this
TURN is_tutorial INTO A RATE BASED, NOT COUNT BASED THING?-- might not be that important though since tutorials barely ever have fx names in :)



(FIXED) Use logging to report issues found especially when scraping websites as it will probably be way easier
	stuff is now logged in the database and also in a log file. warnings and above are printed to console 

(FIXED) hour should not be a db query parameter - we can get the hour from the datetime passed into the query
	lots of queries should be functions - need major sql refactor!


(FIXED) chart_pattern - when no minima/maxima a row is erroneously removed and causes shape problems 

(FIXED) harmonic pattern generator (harmony) has loads of invalid signals for some reason

(FIXED) chart resolution in data composer not working 

(FIXED)HIGH PRI: on higher tf, candles are totally messed up! 