TODO: 
DEFENSIVE CODING: documentation, type hints and overrides for all non-testing python scripts. (use typecheck?)

refactor currency strength nn to be of the same form as DataProvider etc 
	- find out what is still to do!

refator fundamental stuff 
	- keywords/tags for every story in DB for easier lookup! (direct & indirect tags)

journaling  
	- make trade_journal.py
	- capture any website data in capture/snapshot/tracking from forex factory, forex client sentiment etc (json blobs)
	- keep all trades (demo & live) in a table called trade_journal 

backtesting - use new raw_fx_candles_15m 
	- use for np candles version too 

mathematical indicators 
	- fourier noise cancellation 
	- lag correlation values & n of corr > 0.3 (etc...)

trading rush checklist? 

refactor setups 
	#done?- core signals func - -1, 0 and 1s 
	#done?- stop tools (atr/std etc) - take list of signals and hints to produce full signals 
	#done?- meta tools - divergence - bug
	- init step for putting indicators/patterns onto self
	- drawing consists of list of TradeSignal and nothing else? 
		-base yes, higher drawing functions can draw the underlying indicators if on candlesticks
		-consider drawing any results from self?  

additional constraints for chart patterns & speed
	- harmonics - eg why are there so few? fix the cache method in Harmony (custom_setups)
	- trend pattern - what additional constraints can be added to get better results? 


Create & test full RNN with candles_and_indicators.sql, currency_strengths, correlations etc & get_y_values.sql 

data_pull scripts for getting latest data? 
	ASYNC all webcalls in the fundmental analysis! Async for AI too? -- probably pretty important for faster trade decisions :)
	use proxies for scraping tasks to hide ip and not get blocked from anything else

Write testing framework (to run a bunch of tests sequentially) and store the results. Then leave it running to find best param settings 
report % wins, streaks etc   --go for similar behaviour to ProQuant?
strategy search - keep 3 lists of different indicators/setups and do some kinda iteration/search through them to find 
best combination. 

Partial RNN - use correlation matrix for grouping pairs together before running through an RNN

RNN to determine next RSI values? (same thing as full rnn? above?) 


jupyter for presenting front end trade setups and ideas


demand forecasting with ai - use bid/ask volumes and perhaps RSI and write an NN to give the next client sentiment
		- rate, acceleration etc (day of week, hour of day) 

volume indicators - TVI, VWAP, MVWAP, OBV, Delta, AskVWAP, BidVWAP, others?

currency buying/selling pressure from bids & asks (contrarian to currency strength?) (rsi?)

lazy loading for news AI backtesting 

news, currrency-strength, client-sentiment & demand forecasting

publish to AWS or similar
	- dashboard app in android?


IDEAS: 
Try a smaller network (4 pairs) and train it with loads of random pairs
stringed together. Ex: first channel is GBP/USD then second is NZD/JPY
and so on. The idea is that concepts from other currencies can be found
across all currencies. 
Then run it on all 28 by running 7 networks at once (7*4 = 28)

create a correlation tool for this & also lag correlations projection in sql function...
Cross correlation matrix - get which pairs are high correlated to work 
out which ones to train together with. 

Fundamental analysis/signals - use RSS feeds and a feed reader to get 
sentiment for currencies and for currency pairs  - Twitter and Reddit, https://www.fx.co/en

AI to read news and learn trends - 60k news articles to learn from! 

AI to learn fitness values of chart patterns 

AI to forcast buying/selling pressure of currencies 

test chart patterns and practice drawing them - gradient descent for finding params? 
shape based and trending are pretty broken and need fixing up 

backtesting fuzz - add 5% uniform error to all data for better backtesting?

parameter tuning - try shit loads of calculating using regression
	- record params each time 
	- vary each param slightly 
	- minimise loses 
	- (subgradient optimisation!) (use GA or some shit if you want) 

social trading concepts - follow the whales 
	- forex factory
	- etoro


ADVANCED: 
Make a NN that takes a sequence of candlesticks and indicators AND a list of 28  
trades (1 per fx) and attempt to predict a confidence score (0 = lose, 1 = win) per
trade. Provide the NN the E, TP and SL as a percent difference from current price

Make another NN that takes only the chart data and attempts to create trade values 
which have an E, TP, SL and Confidence level for each. This will require a trading 
loss function with something like 
	loss = logloss(confidence_y,confidence_pred) + confidence_y * (mse(E,TP,SL) + direction loss)

python->Cython integration for some chart patterns to speed them up (harmonics & trending)

OWN FEAR & GREED INDEX - research & calculate how it works etc 

research more about quantconnect - might have some useful things or even might be able to sell strategies there 

ICT based trading? 

BUGS: - data must be fixed first before continuing with real backtesting 
DATA: some other areas are rounded. Consider overwriting data with histdata from 2012 to now
DATA: on 15 min chart, candles all look very "top-heavy" . Perhaps caused by something in the candle selector query - bid vs ask issues
DATA: january 2022 has rounded prices - overrwrite with stuff from histdata 
DATA: hole in data: 4th april 2022 - 8th april 2022
DATA: hole in data: 28th July 6pm to 7th August at 22pm
DATA: hole in data: 31st August 2pm to 12 September 6pm 

DATA: hole in data: 18 oct 2022 at 12:00 to 15:30 (GBP/CAD, GBP/NZD)

Perhaps using pandas data frames will be more efficient and better for the whole thing? 
Practice will also land you a high paying datascience role if you move jobs...

Getting stuff from multiple websites should be async so we can query em all at the same tim

feed_collector articles should be grouped by instr name and then top 5 latest should be picked - filter? 

selenium chrome driver - webdriver-manager cant auto detect chrome version - possibly permissions error

parabolic sar, atx and other various indicators are not working correctly

economic calendar values should have a unit column so fields can be numerical - change in DB and on scraper

query refactor - alias broken in tests/data_compose_branch_test  

logging - debug level not going into database

match_pattern.MatchPattern has distance = 0 results - implies it has a look-ahead bias 

pivot points should use timehandler for getting day indexes (offset by whatever hour)

divergence tool isnt using non-lookahead stuff 

fxstreet archive does not read anymore - use search indexer

dailyfx blocked - ask them nicely to unblock ip (use proxies in future!)

dukascopy web scraper hangs on some stuff when inputting instrument

dukascopy CandleSnatcher/crawler does not save files in hidden mode 


ONGOING: - stuff that might not ever have an end to it because it can always be made better
fundamental stuff needs more testing to get it better 
	- perhaps collecting results should be done by date not significance, and only use degree=1

all chart patterns need tuning & testing properly - need refactor to use numpy or similar

some drawing indicators eg ichimoku, macd

add new styles to charts?:
	wealthy -golden / dark yellow
	emerald -dark green
	hotglow -dark orangey
	sangria - deep purple
	seanavy - deep blue
	sunglow - bright yellow

change charts to use datetime on x axis (removing weekends) - use values and dvalue

grep/find things that should be config settings

